I have created obsidian to obtain more mental clarity on what I learn about computer science, networking, programming. etc. I plan to to use obsidian to break down multiple concepts that I plan to consume and to take advantage by progressing within my cybersecurity career path. I am no where near fulfilling my hopes and dreams and ambitions. I hope this will bring one step closer. The format I want to use obsidian is first explaining how the service or concept functions. Next, How I will use it to make it function efficiently to my own unique advantage. Then, explaining how I went through the process of trial and error and reaching functionality results. Then making a step by step tutorial of key points that I faced along the way to gain better mental clarity & understanding of what I couldn't before. STARTING WITH Obsidian.

Obsidian being a Markdown text file editor software. I have combined it with quartz and git hub pages to make a forked git hub repository to publish my findings through cloudflare pages. Essentially, Quartz will take the markdown text files from obsidian and convert them into html for git hub pages. Then cloudflare Pages will create a pull request on my quartz repository and lastly publish them onto my subdomain at [https://notes.alligoodenterprises.com]. Honestly I find this revolutionary.

Obsidian being one of the most complicated networking projects I have done yet. Mainly because of the fact that I have never used git or node.js until learning about obsidian. it was a huge initiative to take. I think a lot more projects will require a lot more initiative. which is something I truly lack. but I intend to do more programming projects and networking projects to improve on these hinderances.

The way I created obsidian is by first getting git. I got git from [https://git-scm.com] GIT SCM is "Global Information Tracker Source Code Management". Next, I had to get node.js which i obtain through [https://node.js]. Next, I checked to see if node.js was installed on git cmd by using "npm -v" & "node -v"
After, I preceded to follow the steps via [https://quartz.jzhao.xyz].

First, Inside of Git CMD, I insert "git clone https://github.com/jackyzha0/quartz.git"
after the repository is done cloning, I change my directory to the quartz directory that has been generated by the git clone command. 
Next, I insert "npm i" into Git CMD. this command installs the dependencies that are listed inside of the quartz repository that was cloned.
Then, I insert "npx quartz create" To create a quartz project and contents and default configurations.
Next, I load up obsidian to edit the quartz folder within my primary drive. i then create a new folder for a template for quartz to register on obsidian that is called note.md. ([https://quartz.jzhao.xyz/authoring-content]). 
Then I would insert "npx quartz build --serve" into Git CMD to make a local web server to host quartz on my client pc to review the changes made before publishing to github. this preview being accessible at [http://localhost:8080].
After, I had to setup the forked repository by checking the all of the repositories that are being tracked currently on Git CMD by using the command "git remote -v" Then changing the remote origin to my own github repository being "ktrla-github-io". I changed the remote origin by using the command "git remote set-url origin REMOTE_URL". Then setting the upstream to the repository that i forked, being jzhao's. i complete my repository by doing the command "npx quartz sync --no-pull". This command does a npx quartz sync and runs a sync within quartz using NPX. It will commit changes and back up content while pushing it to my repository aswell. 

The issue i ran into with this is that when trying to sync it and or --no-pull i would get is

"error: src refspec v4 does not match any error: failed to push some refs to 'https://github.com/ktrla/ktrla.github.io.git' An error occurred above while pushing to remote origin."

the issue being that git couldnt find a branch and or tag to named v4 to commit my changes to my repository. you can fix this by renaming the original default branch to v4 by doing the command "git branch -m main v4" 
The -m meaning move/rename
Main meaning the old name/originial/default branch im attempting to rename
v4 being the new branch name i would like to commit my changes to my repository.

After, i had to push the renamed branch into my remote repository by first removing the old branch by "git push origin --delete main" 
Then pushing by using the command "git checkout -b v4" "git push origin -u v4"
